W-17759597-instanceType-param-fix-4.9-dm (#2922)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mmp-deploy-to-cloudhub-2.adoc

| `pathRewrite` | Supplies the base path expected by the HTTP listener in your application. This value must begin with `/`. This parameter is used only for applications that are deployed to xref:cloudhub-2::ch2-private-space-about.adoc[private space]. | No

> | `instanceType` | Instance type. Only UBP organizations can use this flag. Non-UBP organizations use the `vCores` parameter. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No

Author: ```suggestion
| `instanceType` | Specifies the capacity of the replica for application deployment. This flag is available only for organizations using a usage-based pricing (UBP) package. Non-UBP organizations use the `vCores` parameter instead. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No
```

> | `instanceType` | Instance type. Only UBP organizations can use this flag. Non-UBP organizations use the `--replicaSize` flag. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No

Reviewer: replicaSize is not avaliable in MMP, non-UBP customers  should use vCores (that are documented in this page)

> | `instanceType` | Instance type. Only UBP organizations can use this flag. Non-UBP organizations use the `--replicaSize` flag. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No

Author: ```suggestion
| `instanceType` | Instance type. Only UBP organizations can use this flag. Non-UBP organizations use the `vCores` parameter. See xref:general::pricing.adoc[]. | No
```
